karbytes had the following dreams while sleeping: 

karbytes was at some kind of overnight party with some young men approximately karbytes' age which apparently started with karbytes laying down in a room whose door was open into the adjacent hallway which had four interfacing arcade chairs with their own separate television screens attached. One of the men at that party was playing a video game and karbytes was watching what was being played from karbytes' vantage (which turned into karbytes' entire visual and auditory field). The video game events kar
karbytes was watching started as a live action (rather than animated cartoon) of a Pokémon battle occurring between two adult male Pokémon trainers who crossed paths with each other in some forest filled with deciduous trees with yellow leaves (and some of those leaves covered the otherwise brown dirt) along some creek. One of the Pokémon trainers was on a motorbike and got off to engage in a Pokémon battle which gave each trainer time to select battle moves for their Pokémon from a menu of moves. Instead of showing battle scenes, still pictures which were monochrome and highly pixelated low-resolution photorealistic images of things like canons with small print text beneath it appeared. karbytes thought that those rather random still images were being used in place of animations in order to save data space. karbytes overheard one of the men at the party say how real life has many Pokémon in it and karbytes was suddenly watching what appeared to be a video reel on Instagram of AJP's trip to Japan in some garden pond where there were lots of tiny green frogs and some small brown dragonfly nymph-like animals which instantaneously morphed into tiny brown frogs. There were apparently many tourists at that pond observing the frogs. Then karbytes found itself taking the point of view of a tourist taking a video of frogs (but only seeing from the point of view of the phone camera doing the video recording). karbytes noticed a green frog crawling towards the wooden deck which karbytes was standing on approximately six feet below karbytes. Then the frog rapidly climbed up a deck pillar and was about the size of a bullfrog by the time it got about three inches away from karbytes' camera. Then the frog opened its mouth (which was pale pink and toothless on the inside) and made a rather comical screaming vocalization. Then AJP's hands appeared and each went into the frog's mouth in order to rip the frog apart to death and AJP was laughing angrily and commenting about how he got that frog to shut up. 

The video game changed such that there was a man with a gun and a woman with a gun. (Apparently they were formerly collaborative partners but at that point they were mortal enemies). AJP was apparently playing that game with me and he was asking me to make the next move for the couple. I tried to end the confrontation quickly by having one of them shoot the other but what ended up happening was that both ended up shooting each other but the man shot the gun out of the woman's hand and then he started brutally beating her up using his gun like a sledgehammer to reveal the woman's underlying mechanical inerds. She appeared to be a robot but was still talking and saying "ow" and "how dare you" while the man shot out one of her eyes and then ripped her face off. Suddenly the woman was a traditional 1990's video game arcade booth (which was square shaped and containing a large cathode ray tube monitor). The man pulled open some drawer-like compartment in that computer and started shoving documents into it while saying in a crazed and giddy manner that the woman would be forced to finish helping the man publish his manuscript.

Then the dream shifted and stopped being a videogame at some overnight party involving video games and the dream became a depiction of karbytes' real life whose setting was some surrealist and jewel toned rendition of karbytes' childhood home in Castro Valley surrounded by green hills, picturesque houses nearby and a patchwork of roads and more densely packed buildings to the east of karbytes' house. It was apparently karbytes' birthday and people based on acquaintances karbytes had in childhood were inside karbytes' house to surprise karbytes with their presence to wish karbytes a happy birthday. karbytes was not pleased that so many people arrived when karbytes wanted to be alone to enjoy the scenic morning (but karbytes was craving the company of AJP who was apparently in that house somewhere). karbytes saw several of the suprise party people sleeping on karbytes' bed and karbytes thought it spotted AJP's legs with long green cargo pants and shoes on in the middle of that bunch. karbytes wanted to cuddle with AJP. 

Then the dream shifted again to a new scene involving AJP and what appeared to be a continuation of the video game being played earlier with the woman that turned into a 1990's arcade gaming console. karbytes was an embodied human this time and getting crushed between three doors which were slowly interlocking and which appeared to be part of a tree sawing mill. karbytes was dutifully video recording the scene while AJP was saying, "Drop the camera. Give it to me. You got the video." I said no and told him to cut the power to the machine so that I would not get ground up while I was being pulled towards the spinning blade on a conveyor belt which my body was was locked onto in a reclining position. AJP said that was not necessary given that I already recorded the sought after imagery of the three doors closing on each other from the inside and that what mattered in that moment was me dropping the camera on the ground so that he could retrieve it and save the video it recorded.
